[No QA] Lydia update unreported flow (#90535)
Expensify/App: docs/articles/new-expensify/reports-and-expenses/Getting-Started-with-the-Spend-Page.md

keywords: [New Expensify, Spend page, report preview, report table, filters, smart suggestions, expense management, add expenses, bulk actions, date range, search, expenses missing, Spend navigation, inline editing, edit expense inline]
---

> The Spend page in New Expensify gives you a full list of your reports and related expenses. While the Inbox highlights what needs your attention, the Reports page helps you explore, filter, and export your expense data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Spend page in New Expensify gives you a full list of your reports and related expenses. From the Spend page you can explore, filter, and export your expense data.
```

---

# Report Previews

Report previews are summaries shown directly in your workspace chat in the **Inbox**. They let you quickly check a report’s status without opening it.

## Visibility of Report Previews
- Visible to **all members** in the workspace chat.
- Only the **report creator** sees interactive options like **Add expense**.  

> - **Workspace admins** can approve and pay reports.

Reviewer 2: NAB but they can do more than just this (e.g. reject, hold)

Author: Updated!

**Note:** The bulk action menu appears after selecting at least one expense.

> ## Moving Expenses Between Reports

Author: @stephanieelliott same question here: this was also authored by the SDO originally. Have guidelines since changed or is GH off the beam here too?

> ## Moving Expenses Between Reports

Reviewer: Yes this a another one where I would accept the bot's suggestion  - the headings should be task-based!

> ## How to move expenses between reports

Reviewer 2: Should we note the flow for moving a single expense to a different or new report via the expense details?

Author: Updated!

1. Select the expenses using checkboxes.
2. Click **Move to report** from the bulk action menu.

> 3. In the right-hand panel, select a destination draft report.  

Reviewer 2: We should call out that this can be:
- An existing report
- A brand new report
- Remove from a report altogether

Author: Updated!

4. Expenses are moved, and a system message logs the action.

## Adding a New Expense to the Table
- The expense appears in the table.  
- Its row is briefly highlighted as new.  
- Once added, the **Submit** button appears in the header (replacing **Add expense**, which moves to the **More** menu).

---

> 

Author: @stephanieelliott this heading change was authored by the SDO when I originally drafted these. Have guidelines since changed or is GH off the beam here?

> 

Reviewer: Yeah only one # is allowed per article, and they must be task-based ("how to", "who can") - this is for AZ retrieval. So I would go with the bot's suggestion in this case!

   - The list updates in real time  
   - The **Select all** option applies *only* to the filtered results—not everything

You can also combine filters with a keyword search for even more precision. For example, searching **"Uber in March"** will show only Uber rides from March.

> **Note**: If no filters are applied, the page defaults to showing your most recent unreported expenses.

Reviewer 2: NAB but maybe noting this is all expenses, _sorted_ by most recent?

Author: Is it accurate that with no filters, it shows your most recent **unreported** expenses at the top? In my test account it looks like it's just my most recent expenses, reported or not

---

## How to use Smart Suggestions

Smart suggestions recommend the next best action based on your activity.

> ### Where Smart Suggestions appear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Where Smart Suggestions appear
```

- **SelfDM**: Suggests unreported expenses to add to a report.
- **Empty draft reports**: Prompts you to add recent unreported expenses.
- **Global create/quick actions**: Suggests creating a report if you frequently submit grouped expenses.

> ### How Smart Suggestions help you report faster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How Smart Suggestions help you report faster
```
